Wow
[Music]
[Applause]
huh hmm something smells good mom what
are you doing here in the middle of the
night you're just in time for supper
dear you're not my mother my mother
doesn't have the look but but but the
buttons do you like them I'm your other
mother silly no go tell your other
father that supper is ready well go on
he's in this daddy
[Music]
hello hello Coraline wanna hear my new
song my father can play piano no need to
this piano plays me but she's a peach
she's a doll she's about
she's cute as a button in the eyes of
everyone
ever made their eyes
when she goes around exploring mom and I
will never ever make
our eyes will be
I am sorry but she said to tell you the
food's ready
mmm starvin raise your hand oh oh
[Music]
we give our thanks and ask to bless our
mother's golden chicken breast
[Laughter]
[Music]
hmm
this chicken is gone hungry aren't you
Johnny gravy well here comes the gravy
train choo choo huh another roll sweet
peas corn on the cob I'm real thirsty of
course any requests mango milkshake huh
we've been waiting for you Coraline for
me yep wasn't the same here without you
kiddo
I don't know I had another mother of
course you do everyone does really
uh-huh
and as soon as you're done eating I
thought we'd play a game you mean like
hide-and-seek perfect hide-and-seek in
the rain what rain huh what about the
mud we love mud mud facials my bath mud
pies it's great for poison oak how'd you
know what I I love to play but I better
get home to my other mother but I'm your
other mother I mean my other other
mother mom number one hmm I think I
should get to bed of course sweetheart
it's all made up come along sleepyhead